Add namespacing landing page (#4215)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/isolation-concept.md

---
type: docs
title: "Isolation"
linkTitle: "Isolation"
weight: 700
description: How Dapr provides namespacing and isolation
---

> Dapr namespacing provides isolation and multi-tenancy. Dapr supports namespaced service invocation, components, pub/sub, and actors in both self-hosted mode and on Kubernetes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr namespacing provides isolation and multi-tenancy across many capabilities, giving greater security. Typically applications and components are deployed to namespaces to provide isolation in a given environment, such as Kubernetes. 

Dapr supports namespacing in service invocation calls between applications, when accessing components, sending pub/sub messages in consumer groups, and with actors type deployments as examples. Namespacing isolation is supported in both self-hosted and Kubernetes modes. 
```

To get started, create and configure your namespace.

{{< tabs "Self-Hosted" "Kubernetes">}}

{{% codetab %}}

In self-hosted mode, specify the namespace for a Dapr instance by setting the `NAMESPACE` environment variable.

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

On Kubernetes, create and configure the namespace:

```bash
kubectl create namespace namespaceA
kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=namespaceA
```

Then deploy your applications into this namespace.

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

Learn how to use namespacing throughout Dapr:

> - [Service Invocation namespaces]({{< ref service-invocation-namespaces.md >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Service invocation across namespaces](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/service-invocation/service-invocation-namespaces/)]({{< ref service-invocation-namespaces.md >}})
```

Reviewer: Add this topic "https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/howto-namespace/"

> - [Scope pub/sub topic access]({{< ref pubsub-scopes.md >}})

Reviewer: Actually this pub/sub scopes is not about namespacing specifically, so remove this

> - [Scope components to one or more applications]({{< ref component-scopes.md >}})

Reviewer: Also add this one for components that is specific to pub/sub 
https://docs.dapr.io/operations/components/setup-pubsub/pubsub-namespaces/
